So that was the introduction to angler.
Just like the frameworks of course angler has to offer way more than what we learn here.
It's a powerful framework with loads of features some features we have even touched on a lot of features
we could dive much deeper into and is of course his only introduction.
I hope you had a chance of getting a feeling for how Anglo works how you create a project how you work
with these components and how you work with typescript and you might hate it you might love it or you
might say it looks interesting.
If that is the case so not the hate case it's probably worth diving deeper into it even with my complete
guide here and you do me or one of the many great tutorials you can find of course angler is a great
framework.
It probably has a great future it's backed by Google and it has some distinct nice features and what's
typescript for example can look like a blocker at the beginning.
You have to learn something new or get used to it.
It really can also be a huge advantage since you can write much more robust and explicit code which
is very clear about what it does and what it can do.
Desire's angler.
Definitely think about using it now in the next module.
I will compare all three frameworks to kind of make it easier for you to decide which one might be the
right one for you.